Grafana v7.0 changelog update (#24737)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/installation/upgrading.md

### PhantomJS removed

PhantomJS was deprecated in [Grafana v6.4]({{< relref "../guides/whats-new-in-v6-4.md#phantomjs-deprecation" >}}) and starting from Grafana v7.0.0, all PhantomJS support has been removed. This means that Grafana no longer ships with a built-in image renderer, and we adwise you to install the [Grafana Image Renderer plugin](https://grafana.com/grafana/plugins/grafana-image-renderer).

### Dashboard minimum refresh interval enforced

A global minimum dashboard refresh interval is now enforced and defaults to 5 seconds. Read more [here]({{< relref "configuration/#min-refresh-interval" >}}) about this setting.

### Backend plugins

> Grafana now require backend plugins to be signed. If a backend plugin is not signed Grafana will not load/start it. This is an additional security measure to make sure backend plugin binaries and files haven't been tampered with. It's possible to allow unsigned plugins using a configuration setting, but is something we strongly disadvise doing. Read more [here]({{< relref "configuration/#allow-loading-unsigned-plugins" >}}) about this setting.

Reviewer: How do I know if the backend plugins I am current using are signed?

Reviewer: Don't see it on https://grafana.com/grafana/plugins?orderBy=weight&direction=asc , I think I saw it in Grafana, but by then I think you would have had to already have upgraded.

Author: You'll notice when Grafana starts. It logs an error `plugin <plugin id> is unsigned`. Enough if I add a note about that? 

I can also add "All backend plugins authored by Grafana Labs is signed"?

Reviewer: "All backend plugins authored by Grafana Labs is signed" sounds good. I believe we are looking to add signing of community plugins at some point - 7.1? Should we mention that as well - seems like a natural follow up question.

Reviewer: The logging seems more like a docs detail thing to me. The reason I prefer the other comment is that helps a user before they have upgraded, where as the log message only helps after they have upgraded.

> Grafana now require backend plugins to be signed. If a backend plugin is not signed Grafana will not load/start it. This is an additional security measure to make sure backend plugin binaries and files haven't been tampered with. It's possible to allow unsigned plugins using a configuration setting, but is something we strongly disadvise doing. Read more [here]({{< relref "configuration/#allow-loading-unsigned-plugins" >}}) about this setting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Grafana now requires backend plugins to be signed. If a backend plugin is not signed Grafana will not load/start it. This is an additional security measure to make sure backend plugin binaries and files haven't been tampered with.  All Grafana authored backend plugins, including Enterprise plugins, are now signed. It's possible to allow unsigned plugins using a configuration setting, but is something we strongly advise against doing. Read more [here]({{< relref "configuration/#allow-loading-unsigned-plugins" >}}) about this setting.
```

> Grafana now requires backend plugins to be signed. If a backend plugin is not signed Grafana will not load/start it. This is an additional security measure to make sure backend plugin binaries and files haven't been tampered with.  All Grafana authored backend plugins, including Enterprise plugins, are now signed. It's possible to allow unsigned plugins using a configuration setting, but is something we strongly advise against doing. Read more [here]({{< relref "configuration/#allow-loading-unsigned-plugins" >}}) about this setting.

Author: ```suggestion
Grafana now requires backend plugins to be signed. If a backend plugin is not signed Grafana will not load/start it. This is an additional security measure to make sure backend plugin binaries and files haven't been tampered with.  All Grafana Labs authored backend plugins, including Enterprise plugins, are now signed. It's possible to allow unsigned plugins using a configuration setting, but is something we strongly advise against doing. Read more [here]({{< relref "configuration/#allow-loading-unsigned-plugins" >}}) about this setting.
```
